= Inspiration Die =

Roll this with every roll.

    1. Use your *Head* (Data/Sensory Unit)
    2. Use your *Left Arm* (Sinister Accuator)
    3. Use your *Right Arm* (Dexter Accuator)
    4. Use your *Torso* (Value Core) (Heart)
    5. Use your *Lower Body* (Locomotor)
    6. Wild? No, something else, Future Eppy. Fix it!

= What Kind of Situations =

    - Fighting
    - Mysteries
    - Fraught Encounter with Another Intergalaxian
    - Defend Themselves in the Court (of Public Opinion or what have you)
    - Show Off Special Abilities
        - Feature a specific interchangeable part
        - Especially a new one
    - Chases
    - Romances
    - Knowing Lore

= The Sum of Your Parts =

What happens if all your interchangeables are the same color?
Or, from the same set?
Or, from the same creator?

== Synergies ==
- Differnt Colors
    - Glow-in-the-Dark
    - Hyper Color
    - Clear plastic
- Set based on named character
- Themed sets, sets that clearly looked like they belonged together

= Sample Mechanic =

Roll to Escape

2d6 + Lower Body

6-  GM chooses one: You are captured, you accidentally reveal critical secrets...
    Glow-in-the-Dark option: You escape, but your foe can follow
7-9 You escape, but (choose one)... Lose a interchangeable, leave an ally in a difficult situation...
10+ You escape, and (choose one) Your opponent is lost for days...

= Build Your Own Hit Chart =
 
Sensor Unit, size 1
Accuators, size 1 each
Core, size 2
Locomotors, size 2

Typical humanoid build:

1. Sensor Unit
2. Sinister Accuator
3. Dexter Accuator
4. Core
5. Core
6. Locomotors
7. Locomotors
8. Wild

An Atypical Build

1. Sensor Unit
2. Locomotor Alpha
3. Locomotor Alpha
4. Locomotor Beta
5. Locomotor Beta
6. Value Core
7. Value Core
8. Locomotor Gamma
9. Locomotor Gamma
10. Wild

= Interchangeable Moves =

Current distinction: 

    - Dueling Moves are for facing other Intergalaxians and Intergalaxian-level threats.
        - The result of a bad roll might mean the loss of that interchangeable?
    - Action Moves are round by round play.
        - Less likely than losing a interchangeable as above, but can be blown apart.
    - Respite Moves are broad strokes, montage style play.
        - Sometimes, you just want to roll to smell the flowers.


== Sensor Unit ==

=== Action Move ===
Modeled on Read a Situation

=== Dueling Move ===

=== Respite Move ===
Modeled on the Discovery Phase? Let's you spend time making up facts about the world and its history.

== Sinister Actuator ==

=== Action Move ===
?

=== Respite Move ===
Taking care of equipment?

== Dexter Actuator ==

=== Action Move ===
?

=== Respite Move ===
Training or games.

=== Action Move ===

=== Respite Move ===
How you hang out with your pals.

== Value Core ==

=== Action Move ===
Like the Champions Presence Attack. Some attempt to sway your opposition.

=== Respite Move ===
How you hang out with your pals.

== Locomotion ==

=== Action Move ===

=== Respite Move ===
Travel and big journeys.

= [[Dice]] Rolling? =

= Drop Table Ideas =

== Where do the dice land? ==

* On an interchangeable:
    * Fully on it --> You must solely use this interchangeable
    * Partially on it --> You may use this interchangeable
* On more than one interchangeable --> Choose one interchangeable to use
* Off an interchangeable, but on its plate --> Something bad happens, but you can assume all dice on this interchangeable

Physical size of the dice will matter.

== How Many Dice Are You Using ==

Let's say you roll one of each: d4, d6, d8, d10, d12

After rolling, pick the dice to use following the Where do the dice land? rules.

== How to Read the Dice? ==

Choose one interchangeable with dice on it and take all valid dice for it.

